"We build our computer (systems) the way we build our cities: over time, without a plan, on top of ruins." - Ellen Ullman
"What one programmer can do in one month, two programmers can do in two months." - Fred Brooks
"A primary cause of complexity is that software vendors uncritically adopt almost any feature that users want."- Niklaus Wirth
"One of the best programming skills you can have is knowing when to walk away for awhile." - Oscar Godson
“Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file.” - Louis Srygley
"So much complexity in software comes from trying to make one thing do two things." – Ryan Singer
"Programming is being ten minutes away from being done for the rest of your life." - Jon Maddox
“Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.” – Martin Fowler
"Write shy code - modules that don't reveal anything unnecessary to other modules and that don't rely on other modules' implementations." - Dave Thomas
"One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code." - Ken Thompson
"You can have the project: Done On Time. Done On Budget. Done Properly - Pick two." - Anonymous
“Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.” – Ralph Johnson
"The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit." - Anonymous
"Programming is like pinball. The reward for doing it is the opportunity of doing it again." - Anonymous
"There is nothing more unproductive than to build something efficiently that should not have been built at all." - Milt Bryce
"Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." - Bill Gates
"In programming, the hard part isn't solving problems, but deciding what problems to solve." - Paul Graham
"The trick is to fix the problem you have, rather than the problem you want." - Bram Cohen
"Languages shape the way we think, or don't." - Erik Naggum
"Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." - Martin Golding
“To iterate is human, to recurse divine.” - L. Peter Deutsch
"Good design adds value faster than it adds cost." - Thomas C. Gale
“I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing.” - Oktal
"They don't make bugs like Bunny anymore." - Olav Mjelde.
"A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street." - Anonymous
